[gardenlet] Switch `BackupEntry` controller to `controller-runtime` (#6926)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/gardenlet.md

In this case, the controller deletes the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` resource in the seed cluster and waits until the responsible extension controller has deleted it.
Afterwards, the finalizer of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` resource is released so that it finally disappears from the system.

> If the `spec.seedName` and `.status.seedName` of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` are different, the controller will migrate it by annotating the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the source `Seed` with `gardener.cloud/operation: migrate`, waiting for it to be migrated successfully and eventually deleting it from the `Seed` cluster. Afterwards, the controller will recreate the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the destination `Seed`, annotate it with `gardener.cloud/operation: restore` and wait for the restore operation to finish.

Reviewer: It is not clear what the "source `Seed"` and what the "destination `Seed`" is

> If the `spec.seedName` and `.status.seedName` of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` are different,  the controller will migrate it by annotating the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the source `Seed` with `gardener.cloud/operation: migrate`, waiting for the it to be migrated successfully and eventually deleting it from the `Seed` cluster. Afterwards, the controller will recreate the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the destination `Seed`, annotate it with `gardener.cloud/operation: restore` and wait for the restore operation to finish.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `spec.seedName` and `.status.seedName` of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` are different, the controller will migrate it by annotating the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the source `Seed` with `gardener.cloud/operation: migrate`, waiting for it to be migrated successfully and eventually deleting it from the `Seed` cluster. Afterwards, the controller will recreate the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the destination `Seed`, annotate it with `gardener.cloud/operation: restore` and wait for the restore operation to finish.
```

> #### Keep Backup for Deleted Shoots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Keep Backup for Deleted Shoots
```

In this case, the controller deletes the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` resource in the seed cluster and waits until the responsible extension controller has deleted it.
Afterwards, the finalizer of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` resource is released so that it finally disappears from the system.

> If the `spec.seedName` and `.status.seedName` of the BackupEntry are different, `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry`, the controller prepares it for migration. It deschedules the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` from the current seed by changing the `spec.seedName` to the destination seed and waits for it to be reconciled by the destination seed gardenlet. Then it deletes the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the current seed and waits until the responsible extension controller has deleted it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `spec.seedName` and `.status.seedName` of the `core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.BackupEntry` are different,  the controller will migrate it by annotating the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the source `Seed` with `gardener.cloud/operation: migrate`, waiting for the it to be migrated successfully and eventually deleting it from the `Seed` cluster. Afterwards, the controller will recreate the `extensions.gardener.cloud/v1alpha1.BackupEntry` in the destination `Seed`, annotate it with `gardener.cloud/operation: restore` and wait for the restore operation to finish.
```

Additionally, you can limit the [shoot purposes](../usage/shoot_purposes.md) for which this applies by setting `.controllers.backupEntry.deletionGracePeriodShootPurposes[]`.
For example, if you set it to `[production]` then only the `BackupEntry`s for `Shoot`s with `.spec.purpose=production` will be deleted after the configured grace period. All others will be deleted immediately after the `Shoot` deletion.

#### "Migration" Reconciler

> This reconciler is only active if the [`ForceRestore`](../deployment/feature_gates.md#list-of-feature-gates) feature gate is enabled in the gardenlet and if the seed has owner checks enabled (i.e., `spec.setttings.ownerChecks.enabled=true`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This reconciler is only active if the [`ForceRestore`](../deployment/feature_gates.md#list-of-feature-gates) feature gate is enabled in the `gardenlet` and if the seed has owner checks enabled (i.e., `spec.setttings.ownerChecks.enabled=true`).
```

> This Reconciler is added to the manager only if the [`ForceRestore`](../deployment/feature_gates.md#list-of-feature-gates) feature gate is enabled in the gardenlet and if the seed has owner checks enabled (ie; spec.setttings.ownerChecks.enabled=true). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reconciler is only active if the [`ForceRestore`](../deployment/feature_gates.md#list-of-feature-gates) feature gate is enabled in the gardenlet and if the seed has owner checks enabled (i.e., `spec.setttings.ownerChecks.enabled=true`).
```

> This reconciler checks if the source seed also has owner checks enabled and if it is not, or the BackupEntry is being deleted, it sets the `status.MigrationStartTime` to nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks if the source `Seed` also has owner checks enabled. If not or if the `BackupEntry` is being deleted, it sets the `status.migrationStartTime` to `nil`.
```

> Or else, if the `BackupEntry` has force restore annotation, ie; `shoot.gardener.cloud/force-restore=true` or the Grace period for migration has elapsed, which is set in the `BackupEntryMigrationControllerConfiguration` in the gardenlet configuration, or if the `lastOperation` in the BackupEntry was `Migrate` and if `LastOperationStaleDuration` in the controller configuration has passed since the  `lastUpdateTime` of the `BackupEntry`, it updates the status to force restoration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if the `BackupEntry` is annotated with `shoot.gardener.cloud/force-restore=true` or if the grace period for migration has elapsed (which is set in the `BackupEntryMigrationControllerConfiguration` in the gardenlet's component configuration), or if the `lastOperation` in the BackupEntry was `Migrate` and if `LastOperationStaleDuration` in the controller configuration has passed since the  `lastUpdateTime` of the `BackupEntry`, it updates the status to force restoration.
```

Generally, this sentence is unreadable. Please simplify this drastically so that it is valueable.
